---
title: 'Folder Structure'
taxonomy:
    category: docs
---

At the **root** of your Joomla installation the folder structure looks like:

```
/administrator/components/com_kunena
/components/com_kunena
/cache
/media/kunena
/logs
/libraries/kunena
/plugins/kunena
/plugins/content/kunena
/plugins/system/kunena
```

So let us dig a little deeper into each of these top level folders and explain what they are for:

##### /administrator/components/com_kunena

this is the dir for the files for the backend.


##### /components/com_kunena

this is the dir for the files for the frontend

##### /cache

The `cache` folder is used to store temporary cached files that are automatically generated by Kunena to improve performance.  By default, caching in Kunena is handled automatically, and the best available option is selected.

>>> This folder should not be used to store any user data, as it routinely flushed of all data.

### /media/kunena

Here are the images and attachments stored, also you will find category_icons/topic_icons. 

### /logs

When there is an error, or if you have extra logging or profiling turned on, then Kunena stores these in the `logs` folder.

### /libraries/kunena

The `/libraries/kunena` folder is where the files that make Kunena function actually live.  You should not edit anything in this folder because an update of Kunena could overwrite your changes.  If you need to change something related to how Kunena works, you can use plugins as discussed in later chapters.

### /plugins/kunena

The `plugins/kunena` folder contains important plugins that Kunena relies on.  This folder is similar to the `/libraries/kunena` folder in that it should not be tampered with unless you really know what you are doing.

>>> This is also the dir for the 3th party kunena plugins.
